The final tone for evaluating risk is controllability.
Controllability measures how likely the driver will be
able to gain control of the vehicle during a hazardous event.
Controllability has a scale from C0 to C3,
where C3 is a situation
where an average driver could not maintain control of the vehicle.
If the lane departure warning function causes the steering wheel to
vibrate excessively with wild swings of the steering wheel,
most drivers would have difficulty controlling the vehicle.
We will put the controllability at C3.
We are also providing a table to help
distinguish between different controllability levels.
We can now evaluate the risk of our lane departure.
One example, we will combine severity,
exposure and controllability into a risk factor called ASIL.
Next, we will discuss ASIL in more depth.